feat: skew protection (#8188)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/vercel.mdx

});
```

### `skewProtection`

**Type:** `boolean`<br/>
**Available for:** Serverless

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<p><Since pkg="vercel" v="7.6.0" /></p>

```
I'm going to start remembering these the first edit round!  :sweat_smile:

Author: Ok. However, this **ins't** inline with the style of the other options. Do you still want to accept this change?

> Use this property to enable [Vercel Skew protection](https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/skew-protection). Reminder that Skew protection is only available for Pro and Enterprise accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property to enable [Vercel Skew protection](https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/skew-protection) (available with Vercel Pro and Enterprise accounts).
```
Fun pedantic language nit: it wouldn't be a "reminder" if they never knew in the first place!

Also, wanted to make it clear these are VERCEL accounts, not possibly interpreted as needing an *Astro* Pro account. Juuuust in case!

});
```

### `skewProtection`

**Type:** `boolean`<br/>
**Available for:** Serverless

> <Since pkg="@astrojs/vercel" v="7.6.0" /></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Since pkg="@astrojs/vercel" v="7.6.0" />
```

});
```

### `skewProtection`

**Type:** `boolean`<br/>
**Available for:** Serverless

> 
> <p><Since pkg="vercel" v="7.6.0" /></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Since pkg="@astrojs/vercel" v="7.6.0" /></p>
```
